---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kaleido_platform_network Resource - terraform-provider-kaleido"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Networks provide an anchor object for multiple services that need to communicate together, and allow services to discover other services they need communicate with.
---

# kaleido_platform_network (Resource)

Networks provide an anchor object for multiple services that need to communicate together, and allow services to discover other services they need communicate with.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_json` (String)
- `environment` (String) Environment ID
- `name` (String) Network Display Name
- `type` (String) Network Type. Options are `Besu` and `IPFS`

### Optional

- `cred_sets` (Attributes Map) Credentials such as usernames and passwords, or API Keys, required to integrate with external systems are also stored and encrypted separately to the main configuration of the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cred_sets))
- `file_sets` (Attributes Map) Some services require binary files as part of their configuration, such as x509 certificates, or large JSON/YAML configuration files to be passed directly down to the service for verification. The files are individually encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_sets))
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Set to `true` when you plan to delete a protected network. You must apply the value before you can successfully `terraform destroy` the protected network.
- `init_files` (String)
- `init_mode` (String) Options are `automated`(default) or `manual`.

### Read-Only

- `environment_member_id` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `info` (Map of String) Top-level config captured from the network after creation, including generated values like the chain id
- `initialized` (Boolean)
- `status_init_files` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--cred_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cred_sets`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cred_sets--basic_auth))
- `key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cred_sets--key))

<a id="nestedatt--cred_sets--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cred_sets.basic_auth`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--cred_sets--key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cred_sets.key`

Required:

- `value` (String, Sensitive)



<a id="nestedatt--file_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_sets`

Required:

- `files` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_sets--files))

<a id="nestedatt--file_sets--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_sets.files`

Required:

- `data` (Attributes, Sensitive) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_sets--files--data))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--file_sets--files--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_sets.files.data`

Optional:

- `base64` (String)
- `hex` (String)
- `text` (String)
